hey guys Jess here with the WoW update
and this episode has been sponsored by
blizzard patch 5.4 has just dropped so
we wanted to bundle up all the info we
have into one nice and tidy video just
for you guys first up just wanted to
mention that the wild gb model viewer is
about to get reworked so if you're sick
of seeing armor set previews on the
human male you'll be able to preview
them on different races as well the new
version is in beta but you can click the
link to mmo-champion in the description
below to try it out for yourself and now
on to the 5.4 info starting with some
info about how valour and justice points
will work in the new patch but the valor
points and justice points will be kept
when patch 5.4 goes live fowler points
will not be reset or roll down to
justice points however accumulated
conquest points will be converted to
honor points also justice points will
now be used to purchase items a formerly
cost Valor excluding the shado-pan
assault items there will be no new Valor
gear added but you can use your valor to
upgrade your gear or to purchase
timeless coins the heirlooms the drop
from garage will function between levels
90 and 100 the first heirloom weapon
that drops for you will be your current
loot spec but afterwards it'll be random
these weapons are not available in LFR
difficulty level in order to queue for
siege of orgrimmar LFR players must have
an item level of 496 or better the drop
rate of loot from kills and bonus rolls
has been increased for mogu'shan vaults
heart of fear terrace of endless spring
and throne of thunder on raid finder
difficulty the chance for awarding loot
from using a bonus role has been
increased for throne of thunder on
Normal difficulty epic quality gems will
not be available in 5.4 base resilience
was increased to seventy-two percent up
from sixty-five percent and battle
fatigue was increased to fifty-five
percent up from forty five percent PVE
gear will be scaled down to 496 in
battlegrounds rated battlegrounds and
arenas with the cap increasing by 1
every week conquest point amounts from
winning random battle grounds have been
increased by 50% arena team is no longer
exists in 5.4 so you can play with any
of your friends each player will have a
personal rating that will increase or
decrease based on victories and defeats
against other rated opponents opponents
will be selected based on the average
matchmaking rating of the
already and this means that the arena
ladder is now region-wide you can cue
from multiple LFR wings at once and LFR
now has the call to arms feature which
gives a reward to a badly needed role or
dose is the new hard world boss and you
need the new legendary cloak to access
him Celestials are the easy road boss
there are four of them and you can kill
all for every week but you only get loot
from the first kill patch 5.4 will
connect low population realms to form a
single connected realm players from the
other realms will be treated as if they
were on your realm so you can trade read
and join guilds with the other players
this gives all the benefits of serve
emerges without having to give up things
like a character or guild names and
faction balance will be taking into
account as much as possible the patch
will also add new flexible rate
difficulty you can bring anywhere from
10 to 25 people to your raid and the
difficulty will automatically scale and
it works with battle tags so you can
bring friends from other realms has a
separate lock out from raid finder and
normal which allows you to do all three
difficulties another new feature is
proving grounds which is a way for
players to practice new specs and get
better at their current spec in an
environment that doesn't inconvenience
the other players there are four
difficulties bronze silver gold and
endless and endless just keeps getting
harder with every wave your highest
sunless score is stored as a statistic
and here's a breakdown of how roles
function in proving grounds DPS must
kill all of the enemy mobs in the time
allotted while dealing with different
PvE mechanics such as kiting and stuns
tanks must protect a single healer NPC
while dealing with different PvE
mechanics like knock backs and fire and
healers must keep a party of NPCs alive
while dealing with different PvE
mechanics like dispelling and some of
the NPC's even like to stand in the fire
moving on to armor MMA champ posted
previews of the tier 16 and season 14
armor sets so we'll link those in the
description and we also got a look at
the dark shaman cosmetic armor set it
drops off of mobs and flex normal and
heroic difficulty settings of siege of
orgrimmar garage has a new model has a
lot of bones and facial animation that
could be similar to what will see a new
character models so it provides a nice
test case to see if players would want
their or characters to look like that
mmo-champion put together a handy little
legendary cloak guide so if you're
already caught up on the quest line you
can get your cloak tonight in an hour so
your first raid night by using this
guide
there are also tons of time 0 style
guides posted on mmo-champion there are
guides for chess event summary responds
vanity items and more so check those out
additionally 5.4 adds speaker Gulen he
sells you a sensor of eternal agony
which allows you to become hostile to
all players including your own faction
and you can kill them for bloody coins
which are used to purchase several items
including a new mount as for world
changes the vale of eternal blossoms has
been drained dry of any water and
corruption has spread across most of the
Vale this damage included the
destruction of the golden pagoda so you
will no longer be able to do the Golden
Lotus daily quests moon Fang as the new
boss added to the Darkmoon Faire and
patch 5.4 he drops a new mount pet
transmog weapon and a few novelty items
the latest dev and reviews posted on MMO
champ had some interesting information
for instance the new character models
are apparently about 20 or 25 percent
done and finally we just want to show
off for you guys a couple of the awesome
new mounts battle pets and cosmetic
glyphs in 5.4 you can check the post on
mmo-champion for the full list of videos
and images of the new content but here
are some of the coolest looking ones
such as the stag whole amount and the
cork Ron juggernaut well that's all we
have for you this time but as always be
sure to subscribe to curse and
mmo-champion on YouTube thanks for
watching enjoy the game